a couple months ago you sat down and
took the initiative to start making a
business you did some market research
you made a landing page maybe you
started sending cold emails or cold
calls and you started booking meetings
but you're getting on these sales calls
and you can't seem to convert these
people into actually giving you their
dollars so what I want to do today is
explain to you the ROI calculator and
how to use pure logic to get people to
convert and I guarantee you most of you
aren't doing this
you were what is categorized as a B2B
Service Company more specifically a B2B
service company whose sole function is
to get clients in Roi by definition by
purchasing your service your clients are
looking to make a profit big emphasis on
profit and now what I want to do to
explain this to you is give you examples
and show you how you probably aren't
doing this all right example one you are
an e-commerce email marketing agency you
send emails for e-commerce Brands to
make them more sales so let's take two
prospects here so you can understand why
this will work for somebody and why it
won't work for somebody else so let's
say you just took an arbitrary retainer
price you want to charge three thousand
dollars per month this is going to work
for some people it's not going to work
for others let's go through some numbers
Prospect one here's their data list size
30 000 people on their email list their
product profit margin is forty percent
so why you guys don't understand this
e-commerce brand they sell a physical
product they have a cost of goods sold
that is the physical product right but
to assume in this situation it's 40
let's say on average
you can make them an extra 32 000 per
month in sales from a 30 000 person
email list right their profit margin is
forty percent on the 32k additional you
make them right meeting the profit
amounts to twelve thousand eight hundred
that's forty percent of thirty two
thousand right so they paid you three
thousand dollars to make an extra thirty
two thousand dollars in sales and at
twelve thousand eight hundred in profit
right so that means twelve thousand
eight hundred divided by three thousand
dollars is four point three times return
on investment in profit for your client
this logically makes sense right so now
let's go to prospect two
Prospect 2 their list size is 5 000
people
their product profit margin is thirty
percent
let's say you can make them an extra
fifty five hundred dollars per month in
sales from a five thousand person email
list right since their profit margin is
thirty percent on the 5500 you make them
their profit amounts to one thousand six
hundred and fifty dollars right they
paid you three thousand dollars to make
one thousand six hundred and fifty in
profit
they lost money
you made money they lost money
this logically doesn't make sense for
them to purchase which leaves you with
only two options to proceed forward
option one that I don't recommend is
lowering your prices
option two that I do recommend
only pitch your service to larger
businesses
you cannot do anything else besides
these two you have to pick one of them
and the pathway forward that's going to
make the most sense is to just sell to
larger businesses let's take another
example you are a lead generation agency
you send cold emails on behalf of other
businesses to get them sales calls let's
go through the numbers for this right
Prospect number one they sell a three
hundred dollar per month service their
average customer stays with them for six
months meaning their lifetime value is
one thousand eight hundred dollars right
let's say they close twenty percent of
their calls
right now let's go to prospect 2. they
sell an eight thousand dollar per month
service their average customer stays
with them for six months meaning their
lifetime value is forty eight thousand
dollars right let's say Prospect 2 also
closes at twenty percent right so let's
say you're charging these companies per
call you only get paid when you generate
a qualified call for both of these
businesses right you're on a performance
base
since they both close at 20 percent
that means for every five calls you
generate for each of them they make a
sale
let's say you're selling those booked
calls for four hundred dollars each so
for every five calls that you are able
to generate for either of them you're
going to charge two thousand dollars
you're gonna make 2K with Prospect one
because they're LTV is eighteen hundred
they lose money with Prospect 2 because
their LTV is forty eight thousand
they're making forty six thousand
dollars profit do you see how this
logically makes sense same pricing
different Prospect
so again you are left with the same two
Pathways forward either lower your price
or pitch it to higher value prospects
make a way I want you to get from this
is not to charge less money it's to sell
to larger people and the reason why you
probably can't close a lot of your calls
is because you're getting on the phone
with people who it would not logically
make sense for and if you sat down and
you quite literally screen shared with
somebody a Google doc where you walk
through these numbers together with
conservative values and explain to them
that there basically is no way that this
isn't going to work and you're so
confident in your ability to do it and
maybe you give them a guarantee you're
going to close way more calls big plug
if you want to charge more money and you
want to get more clients go to
clientascension.com I'm going to leave a
link in the description now the way you
should approach the meetings you're
getting is if a consultative approach
this is going to look something like
this right thanks for getting on the
phone with me Mr Prospect you're running
a business and the purpose of that is
probably to make a profit so if it's
okay with you I'd like to ask you a
couple questions to see if this would
financially work for both of us and if
I'm confident it and being able to give
you an offer and possibly a guarantee if
I'm super confident results
this is exactly what we do at client
Ascension what kind of business are you
running is it a B2B business or a b2c
business
who are you targeting what kind of B2B
businesses is that targetable through
cold email how much do you charge to see
how many clients it would take for you
to be profitable so if you want to
charge more money if you want to get
more clients if you want to close more
of those calls and you want to scale
your business I'm going to leave a link
in the description
clientasension.com and if you want to
learn more about how to make more money
click right here to watch this video